Replace checkbox and radio button data schemas with css (#112)
PayEx/design.payex.com: CHANGELOG.md

- Replaced rome datepicker with flatpickr as rome is no longer maintained, as a result moment is no longer available through the designguide.
- Changed cards so it is no longer required to wrap cards in the `.cards` container for them to work.
- Text color utility class `.color-{name}` has been replaced with `.text-{name}`, and is deprecated.
- Renamed icons to iconography under core, and moved payment icons under material icons.

> - Replaced `data:` schema at checkbox checkmark and radio button circle with css.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced `data:` schema at checkbox checkmark, radio button circle and select arrow with svg.
```
